small typo fix (#11246)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/custom_instrumentation/java.md

### Extending tracers

> The tracing libraries are designed to be extensible. Customers may consider writing a custom post-processor called a `TraceInterceptor` to intercept Spans then adjust or discard them accordingly (e.g. based on regular expressions). The following example implements two interceptors to achieve complex post-processing logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tracing libraries are designed to be extensible. Customers may consider writing a custom post-processor called a `TraceInterceptor` to intercept Spans then adjust or discard them accordingly (for example, based on regular expressions). The following example implements two interceptors to achieve complex post-processing logic.
```
